Update README with standardized config options (#4422)
DataDog/integrations-core: http_check/README.md

instances:
  - name: Example website
    url: https://example.com/

>     # tls_verify: true      # default is true, so set false to ignore SSL validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # tls_verify: true      # default is false, set to true to enable TLS validation
```

>     # tls_verify: false                  # default is true, so set to true to enable TLS validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # tls_verify: false                  # default is false, so set to true to enable TLS validation
```

| `http_response_status_code`      | A string or Python regular expression for an HTTP status code. This check will report DOWN for any status code that does not match. This defaults to 1xx, 2xx and 3xx HTTP status codes. For example: `401` or `4\d\d`.                                                                                                     |
| `include_content`                | When set to `true`, the check will include the first 200 characters of the HTTP response body in notifications. The default value is `false`.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `collect_response_time`          | By default, the check will collect the response time (in seconds) as the metric `network.http.response_time`. To disable, set this value to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `tls_verify`         | This setting will require SSL certificate validation and is enabled by default. If you want to skip SSL certificate validation, set this to `false`. This option is only used when gathering the response time/aliveness from the specified endpoint. Note this setting doesn't apply to the `check_certificate_expiration` option. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tls_verify`         | This setting requires SSL certificate validation and is enabled by default. If you want to skip SSL certificate validation, set this to `false`. This option is only used when gathering the response time/aliveness from the specified endpoint. **Note**: This setting doesn't apply to the `check_certificate_expiration` option. |
```

> | `tls_verify`                     | This setting requires SSL certificate validation and is enabled by default. If you want to skip SSL certificate validation, set this to `false`. This option is only used when gathering the response time/aliveness from the specified endpoint. **Note**: This setting doesn't apply to the `check_certificate_expiration` option. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tls_verify`                     | This setting requires SSL certificate validation and is disabled by default. If you want to enable SSL certificate validation, set this to `true`. This option is only used when gathering the response time/aliveness from the specified endpoint. **Note**: This setting doesn't apply to the `check_certificate_expiration` option. |
```

> | `tls_ignore_warning`             | When SSL certificate validation is enabled (see setting above), this setting will allow you to disable security warnings.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tls_ignore_warning`             | When SSL certificate validation is enabled (see setting above), this setting allows you to disable security warnings.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

> | `tls_ca_cert`                       | This setting will allow you to override the default certificate path as specified in `init_config`                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tls_ca_cert`                       | This setting allows you to override the default certificate path as specified in `init_config`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```
